David Adler
Curriculum Vitae

55 Lock Rd
London TW10 7LQ
0044 7891 946 982
dalberto.adler@gmail.com
www.davidadler.me
Dual-nationality: Brazilian-British

Education
2009–2013 2:1 (69%) BSc Honours Neuroscience , University of Manchester , UK.
Averaged 1st in core neuroscience modules.
Demonstrated drive and creativity by designing my own final year project de novo.
Project (awarded 1st): Disproved validity of a pioneering artificial intelligence
algorithm. Created my own computational model of learning networks of the
brain. Gained experience in computational modelling and machine learning.
2007–2009 A levels, Ibstock Place School, London, UK.
Physics (B), Maths (B), Biology (B). AS level: French (B).
2005–2007 GCSEs, Ibstock Place School, London, UK.
1A*, 5As, 4Bs + Triple Science.
Languages English (native), French (proficient), Spanish (intermediate) and Portuguese (intermediate).
Academic
Honours

Featured in the University of Manchester Undergraduate Prospectus.
Silver Award in UK National Mathematics Challenge.
Advanced one year for academic attainment in primary school.

Experience
Autumn 2013 Web developer, SuperAwesome, London, UK.
Developed backend using django. Used heroku and amazon for hosting and
deployment. Became familiar with git branching, merging and collaboration.
Developed multiple mini-games using HTML5 canvas and javascript.
Innovated and developed front-end automator web app which optimized front-end
build time from 5 hours to 1 minute.
Made multiple presentations on the above front-end automator to colleagues.
Summer 2013 Marketing analyst, SportPursuit, London, UK.
Innovated and developed a script which optimized marketing campaign launch
time from 1 hour to 10 minutes.
Performed data analysis of facebook and google advertisements.
2011–2012 Research Intern, Laboratory of Functional Neuroanatomy, IkerBasque, Spain.

Developed methodical approach and attention to detail by conducting unsupervised
scientific experiments.
Developed presentation skills in regular boardroom meetings.
Project: Investigated changes in cell morphology of astrocytes in the triple
transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer’s disease. Developed skills in data analysis,
fluorescence microscopy and immunohistochemistry.
Summer 2011 Estate Agent, Imperial Homes, Kensington, London, UK.
Property negotiator in high-profile sales and lettings. Thrived in high-pressure
negotiation situations and enjoyed problem solving in precarious deals.
Demonstrated competency in customer relations when conducting viewings and
conversing with high net worth clients.
Gained experience in corporate etiquette when conducting phone and email
conversations in a professional manner.
Summer 2010 Private beach waiter, Plage Rive Gauche, Juan Les Pins, France.
Enjoyed interacting with customers which was reflected by generating the largest
amount of tips of all the waiters.
Working 84 hours per week strengthened my work ethic and resilience.

Leadership roles
2012–2013 Founder and chair, of University of Manchester Slackline Society.
Developed management skills by organizing events and managing studies in parallel.
2012–2013 Committee member, of University of Manchester Ultimate Programming Society.
Gave a talk on google apps script and google app engine to a room of 50 persons.

Interests
Computer
programming

I love to code! This is my favourite hobby. I am self-taught and I have an ever
growing list of software ideas. Coding provides an outlet for my creativity.
I enjoy the mathematical and problem solving facets of programming and solve
mathematical/programming problems in my spare time, such as those found at
ProjectEuler.net.
Skills/languages: C (First language. Built a terminal based meal organizer, a
recursive sudoku solver and experimented with GTK.); JavaScript (Comfortable,
experience with OOP. Built multiple HTML5 games and a scientific referencing
system for google documents. A fan of jquery, jqueryUI and coffeescript. Experimented with nodejs, emberjs and backbonejs.); Web design (Comfortable
with CSS3, animations, gimp and enjoy developing front end for functional purposes. A fan of SASS.); Web dev (Most comfortable area of computer science.
Mostly using python, django and google app engine. Like front-end and backend
equally.); Python (Most comfortable and favourite language. Built miscellaneous
applications, such as mp3 syncing scripts and an alarm, as well as more serious
programs such as my final year neural network project where I became familiar
with git, OOP and unit testing.); Go (Keen to learn more, experimented with a
chat server.) Java (No grand projects yet but very keen to develop android apps).

Slacklining

A high altitude modern form of tight rope walking which has developed my ability
to be able to maintain composure under highly stressful situations.
At ground level, I use the slackline as a thin trampoline and have since been
sponsored and competed at national level (currently 4th in the UK).
Cycling I enjoy the challenge of bicycle touring and have travelled thousands of miles
through Europe by bicycle. I have also volunteered at a bicycle recycling project in
Manchester.

References
Autumn 2013 Joshua Wohle - Cheif Production Officer and manager at SuperAwesome.
joshua@superawesome.tv
2011-2012 Doctor Markel Olabarria - Supervisor for one year during laboratory placement.
markelolaba@gmail.com
2009-2013 Professor Richard Baines - Personal advisor over four year period during university.
richard.baines@manchester.ac.uk

